Majority of cs students are whiney. Thornton is one of the best resources we have here
Professor Thornton, if you ever find this thread, I want you to know you were the best lecturer I’ve ever had the joy of learning from at UCI by a wide margin.
Though I haven’t been in any of Thornton’s classes since i am a first year, I have only heard good things about Thornton from upperclassmen
Had him for 32a and 33 last fall and winter, he's a great lecturer and extremely responsive on Ed. I've seen questions answered within less than a minute of being asked. His exams are rough -- the 33 final was probably the most difficult exam I've taken to date -- but if you start your assignments early (and start studying for the final early) you'll be fine.
Thornton is by far one of the best lecturers for ICS, I'm 100% sure they will come to realize this sooner or later. I'm grateful to have been in his 32A, as it truly did set the foundation for the rest of my career.
Grader for Professor Thornton here. Not only is he one of if not the best professors on campus for the ICS department, he's also a fantastic boss!
Many people complain about Professor Thornton's difficulty, but I promise you if you genuinely care about being skilled at software engineering/programming, you'll find yourself missing the solid course structure and amazing insights into better coding practices that Professor Thornton provides once you move on to your upper divs. By far the best resource of them all that he provides are his thorough, thorough answers to your questions on EdDiscussion. That, more than anything else, helped springboard my passion for CS because I was able to ask some genuinely interesting questions (many of which weren't necessarily project related but rather Python and industry related).
Professor Shindler said it best - Professor Thornton's extensive industry experience really shines through in his course. I miss that heavily.
For those of you who are genuinely passionate for computer science and struggled in Professor Thornton's class, I promise you you'll find yourself missing the solid course structure Professor Thornton provides. As for his notoriously tough final exam - it's designed to be difficult. The low average scores are accounted for in his course curve. You're not supposed to ace the exam, really! His final is truly all-encompassing and he doesn't expect perfect scores. If you try and remove your predisposition of "passing" (such as the A, B, C, F grading system) for that exam, you'll be better off.
I took his ics 33 and when I took it he got horrendous reviews. That being said ics 33 was my favorite class at uci and one where I learned a shit ton. The class was hard but he was a great teacher with interesting projects with lots of great notes to learn from.
Kids are just mad assholes. 32/33 are the make or break classes (or at least they were in 2014), so there's going to be a higher concentration of disgruntled students.
Professor Thornton rules. I still think about him and boo (RIP) a decade later and how I almost failed that class lol
I took his 32A audited his 45C and 46. My best experience at UCI. I loved his passion so much and it’s still with me this day at my job :)
Thornton and Schindler are one of the best professors in the department
I didn't show up to a single lecture (went to part of my friend's like once or twice tho) but you can tell he really cares about his classes. Even when he was speaking to us before giving us the final it's clear the guy loves being there. None of the coursework was unreasonable and the test wasn't even that bad. He pretty has all the stuff you need on his website and literally gives you all the resources to succeed even if you skip lectures, idk why so many ppl are complaining .-.
I was a TA in Thornton's class 11 years ago. I'm glad to hear that he and his dog are both still alive and kickin ;)
He was a great teacher. He actually talks about what's being used in real world, and I think his course is one of the most useful classes I took in UCI.
His class is hard, especially his projects, but if you can't handle that load after 2 quarters of CS classes, you are not meant for CS. His class acts as a filter that drops most people who are casually learning CS.
ICS33 taught one crucial thing to me. It switched my mindset from viewing CS as just a class to pass to "oh, this is what coding life is really like". Like, this is what I'll be doing for money as long as I work. Later as a lab tutor, I tried my best to teach the students about this mindset, and get them used to explain their own code. This way, people really "own" the code they wrote, not just copy things from StackOverflow. People who came to ICS lab always ended up with good grades, so I'm pretty sure this method works.
And for those who complain about the professor; it's understandable. They probably were playing League of Legends all the time, copied their friends code for projects (and change variable names), and took the final thinking it would be simple. Too bad the questions in the Final are only understandable if you actually did your projects lol. Of course they will curse prof. Thornton. He is the arch-nemesis of lazy folks.
And if you somehow cheat your way through even that, you will soon learn that what Thornton showed is a glimpse of the real work you will get once you graduate. If you don't have that skill, you will be part of the crowd that complains about how hard it is to get a job as CS major.
For those who are considering ICS33, don't hesitate. Take the class, and see if you can handle it. Go to ICS lab and ask for help if you are struggling on projects. Don't let your ego make you stay at home. While it might seem important to get a good grade in class now, it's nothing compared to the valuable lesson you get out of this class. Learning and surviving this class in legitimate way will make you tough, and will provide a solid foundation for you to learn more.
I had Thornton a handful of times throughout my stint there before Boo died. He is one of my favorite lecturers (Irani is a very close second). He does not deserve that kind of vitriol. If you know Thornton, you know that his dog(s) mean the world to him.
You may not care for his presentation style, but he's teaching for the passion of teaching the world, not the pay. He makes enough money programming medical equipment. He wants to ensure that each and every one of his students holds up to his standard ... and his tests show. His tests were never unfair in that all of the material was presented in lecture and in assignments (not in optional reading or extracurriculars).
Those kids will look back and realize what dumbasses they were.
And to be honest, his finals were pretty rough, my only B’s were from Thornton and I am taking full upper-div courseloads this school year with straight A’s.
They're tough but they're curved. If you got a B from Thornton that means that you did worse than your peers on the same exams. Upper division courses are graded very generously in ICS (>50% A's in most cases).
I also didn't show up to most of his lectures because personally the notes were good enough. That being said, it's uncalled for to call him a dickhead just because you were not well prepared enough for his exams and projects. His expectations are outlined very clearly in the syllabus, and everything you are assessed on is within the material you are taught.