ICS 46 SHINDLER or Klefstad
Klefstad is a funny professor I ever had I like him a lot. Sadly, he is aging now.
He talks a lot and harsh if you annoy him (enter the classroom late) or talk to your friend while he is teaching. Also, small quiz every week (everyone hate it). His personality as well, but I can say he is the type of professor I like.
Yes it was not hard, but you gotta keep up. I was doing alright with weekly quiz, but did not do great on his final because final is a combination. It pulled my grade down. Final is a big weight on the final grade. Overall, yes I like his style, but super tired to keep up.
take shindler, you will learn more and that will help you in the long run at grad school. ics 46 is one of the more important classes that you want to emphasize on personally (haven't taken Klefstad tho)
I would go honest here, nowadays applying grad school is becoming more and more difficult and they are pretty sensitive on GPA, I can’t really afford a GPA drop. So if you go with Shinlder , do you also think that it’s pretty hard to do the exams and projects?
The projects are pretty easy if you go through the zybook stuff
shindler 100% his projects may take time but his lectures are def worth it. i never read the zybooks and could learn everything from a 50 min lecture alone, pretty amazing teaching lol
if ur worried about your grade, i bombed every single exam (like genuinely got consistent D's) and he pulled the most insane curve at the end of the quarter. ended w a B+ lmao
Just take klef if your worried about gpa
I took klefstad for 45C and 46, hes a really good lecturer and really engaging professor. I love him a lot cause he makes a lot of jokes and honestly the way he teaches makes me feel like i learn a lot too, i think ppl just dont like him cause theres weekly quizzes on paper but theyre pretty easy anyway since he kinda tells you what the quiz is gonna have on it before. Idk much about shindler but Ive learned a lot from Klefstad!
ics 46 is probably the single most important CS class you take, and if you don't understand the concepts well, you'll struggle later both in future courses and in industry. I would definitely recommend Shindler. Klefstad is a good and fun professor but I really feel like Shindler has serious priorities on you actually learning everything you need to know.